All right, so our double music track experiment is working so far, and I hope that your Demario is
coming together and that you're able to do something similar here.
So now what I want to do is take this big chunk of awesome drone footage that we have of awesome drone
footage that we have and brought it down so that it fits in this shorter time frame.
So I'm going to be listening to the beat of this track and I'm going to cut things up.
We're going to do pretty quick cutting here, because we got a lot of shots that we want to fit in and
we want to actually feel to feel a little bit kind of overwhelming in a good way that it's like, whoa,
look at that.
Look at that.
That's kind of a cool technique you can use to kind of overload so on when you have just a bunch of
majestic shots back to back.
But when I'm doing this, I'm definitely cutting to the beat.
Ooh, Stonehenge, let's go to Stonehenge, baby.
Get all the elements here, we got ice, we got snow, we got waves, this is great.
OK, so I actually want to switch up the vibe, I feel like after we get to the ocean and we go back
to here, we've already kind of seen this color palette of footage, but this is kind of more surprising.
So I'm going to just remove those shots because they match the color palette a little bit too much of
the stuff we've already seen.
So it kind of loses its magic.
So we're going to take that away also.
Yeah, like this is still too loud, so I'm going to drop that down.
And I have no idea what we're going to do at this part.
OK, so we're pretty good on that drone footage.
Maybe I know that these kind of have a transition.
So maybe we can use one of these.
There's this like, you know, this glitchy part of the sound of the soundtrack right here.
So this like phloem waterfall doesn't really match up with that kind of style.
So that's something we got to change.
And then also to smooth out the transition between this from being the high pass filter to this, not
having one.
Why don't we bring back by bringing down this high pass filter?
Some of the key frame it, and then we're gonna bring it the intensity of it down.
And let's just see if that helps things.
Oh, yes.
So what that did is it made the transition between these two songs better, because this one has all
of the base, all of the frequency.
This one was cut on the lower half of its frequency.
And when we brought back in the full spectrum of frequency by bringing down this high pass filter.
So originally it was this that allowed for it to blend better.
Hopefully that makes sense because this is a little complicated to explain.
But essentially, this high pass filter when it comes in, it goes from sounding like this or here to
what you'll hear over here.
It sounds like it's coming out of an old radio, right?
I'd like an old vinyl recorder and then we're going to make it sound normal again at this part, just
as it's transitioning into the other songs.
OK, I'm liking it.
Our experiment worked.